hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
in this is my review of the Asus TP 200
so I've done quite a few reviews of
hybrid devices like the whole to one
thing and for the most part they're
pretty expensive some of them are even
over $1500 but this one's a relatively
inexpensive option that's offered by
Asus here's my review it's a simple box
when you open it up you get the device
itself the charger and some pamphlets
the top surface of the device is
aluminum it's a really dark blue not
quite black and it has a brushed finish
like they've done on several of their
devices here it's actually kind of cool
that they're giving the same high-end
finish on an entry-level device like
this the bottom is plastic it's got four
rubber feet two speakers and the
internals are not upgradable everything
is soldered on on the inside the specs
on the unit I have it's got a quad core
Intel n 3700 so this is their Pentium
chip running at 1.6 gigahertz and 11.6
inch IPS touchscreen four gigs of ram
onboard graphics 128 gigs of expandable
storage all for around $450 the build
quality overall seems really solid but
the hinge swivels around a little easier
than I expected it's not loose or
anything it's just a really smooth
rotating hinge now the company says that
it tests the hinge 20,000 times before
they ship each device so we're probably
good maybe they just designed them like
this so that you can flip it in one hand
I don't know okay going around we have a
power connection a volume rocker power
switch micro sd mini HDMI a regular USB
3 port and one of the new USB 3.1 ports
so this is a port that can push up to
five gigabits per second it's super fast
and on the other side we have a combo
microphone headphone jack and a USB 2.0
port when you open up the TP 200 it's
got a plastic finish that has like a
brushed grain finish the keyboard is
nice to type on it's small but it
doesn't feel cramped when you're typing
on it the keys have good travel at one
point six millimeters but I wish they're
a little more springy and not so squishy
the arrow keys are well positioned
they're just a little small
than normal overall it's a great
keyboard but it's missing backlighting
and back wedding is one of those things
that you kind of take for granted when
you have it on a device and when it's
not there you really miss it the
trackpad down here is really large for
the size of the device it's a full size
trackpad and it's okay I mean the
texture is good clicking is good but
like almost every other Windows trackpad
it still has the occasional stutter when
you're tracking but it's okay the screen
it's an 11.6 inch IPS touchscreen
running at 1366 by 768 it's not super
high res but I think going with the
lower res screen like this was the right
choice given the power of the video card
so going higher Reds might have looked
better but graphical performance would
have been noticeably worse the colors
look kind of greenish to me and running
a spider shows that the color range is
pretty limited we're coming in at 69%
srgb and 51% Adobe RGB so if your work
needs good color accuracy this isn't
that device the viewing angles aren't
great I've definitely seen worse at this
price point but they're still not very
good the screen does get really bright
though as bright as a Macbook retina Pro
screen when you use it in tablet mode
the keyboard deactivates automatically
so you can't accidentally press keys and
stuff it's really comfortable to use my
issue with a lot of two-in-one hybrid
devices or flip devices is that they're
often cumbersome to hold they're just
really heavy in tala mode and the TP 200
is pretty light
it's 2.6 pans and because it's an
11-point 6 inch screen instead of like
the 13 inch screen it's just really
ergonomic so if you think about it a
tablet with a 13 inch screen I mean it's
really cool on paper but it's really big
like even the iPad pro isn't even that
big so this has a smaller footprint it's
comfortable to use in tablet mode the
webcam up top isn't very good but if you
need one
it's there here's what it looks like the
speakers are surprisingly good they're
reasonably loud and they're pretty clear
here's what they sound like
now the whole device is fanless so it's
completely quiet when it's not in use
and it gets a little warm on the left
side when you push it hard but it's not
uncomfortable to use all right
performance the storage uses emmc flash
chips so it's sufficient for normal
computer use but for solid-state storage
these chips are relatively slow the TP
200 comes in two variants a dual-core
chip which is slower and slightly
cheaper and a quad-core chip which we
have here the quad core is pretty solid
for any kind of basic task I threw at it
so like YouTube web browsing emails
movies like all of these things run
really smoothly on Windows 10
Photoshop runs a little slow on it
especially when you have a lot of layers
going on but for normal computing use
it's going to handle it well but where
the processor shows its limitations is
when you're playing games so slightly
demanding games like dota 2 they don't
run very smooth on it we're talking like
20 frames per second or slower and even
really like games like counter-strike
we're still only getting 25 maybe 30
frames per second now you have to keep
in mind it is a laptop it is a tablet
and it's 450 dollars so even though I
wish it was faster I'm pretty happy with
the performance because it's an
entry-level two in one device the
battery life is okay it's not great it's
a small battery at 38 watt hours and the
advertised and eight hour battery life
but with regular use just browse on the
web watch some YouTube stuff and doing
some emails I was hitting 5 hours with
screen at 80 percent brightness watching
movies with screen also at around 80% I
was able to get 5 and 1/2 hours a little
bit more I mean these numbers aren't bad
but on a two-in-one device battery life
can be really important for some users
and I was hoping to get closer to the
advertised 8 hours ok for 450 dollars I
would consider this a good purchase if
you're going to make use of the
two-in-one functionality as a laptop
pretty good solid keyboard and as a
tablet also very solid because of the
reasonable weight but there are things I
don't like about it the battery life I
wish it was a little bit better but more
importantly the performance of the CPU
it's very mediocre and at this price
point I can't really complain but that's
why I mentioned the importance of tune 1
because if you're going to use it just
as a laptop there are other devices at
this price point that I would
commend that aren't convert while
they're just straight-up laptops but if
you are going to make use of the two one
option I think this is a good option
that's the end of the review hope you
guys liked it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time